Clarify SUBSCRIBE_UPDATE (#653)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

## SUBSCRIBE_UPDATE {#message-subscribe-update-req}

A subscriber issues a SUBSCRIBE_UPDATE to a publisher to request a change to
an existing subscription. Subscriptions can only become more narrow, not wider,
because an attempt to widen a subscription could fail. If Objects before the

> start or after the end of the current subscription are needed, a fetch might

Reviewer: s/fetch/FETCH/ ?

Author: We refer to a subscription with lower case, so I'm not sure which is appropriate here?

be able to retrieve objects before the start. The start Object MUST NOT
decrease and when it increases, there is no guarantee that a publisher will
not have already sent Objects before the new start Object.  The end Object

> MUST NOT increase and when it decreases, there is no guarantee that a publisher

Reviewer: There is no more End Object.  Do you mean End Group?

Author: Yes, fixed.

will not have already sent Objects after the new end Object. A publisher SHOULD
close the Session as a 'Protocol Violation' if the SUBSCRIBE_UPDATE violates
either rule or if the subscriber specifies a Subscribe ID that does not exist

> within the Session.

Reviewer: The Subscribe ID can also refer to a FETCH - so maybe "if it doesn't reference a current subscription"

Author: Do either of you have a suggestion on better phrasing or is the current text ok?

## SUBSCRIBE_UPDATE {#message-subscribe-update-req}

A subscriber issues a SUBSCRIBE_UPDATE to a publisher to request a change to
an existing subscription. Subscriptions can only become more narrow, not wider,
because an attempt to widen a subscription could fail. If Objects before the
start or after the end of the current subscription are needed, a fetch might
be able to retrieve objects before the start. The start Object MUST NOT
decrease and when it increases, there is no guarantee that a publisher will

> not have already sent Objects before the new start Object.  The end Object

Author: ```suggestion
not have already sent Objects before the new start Object.  The end Group
```

MUST NOT increase and when it decreases, there is no guarantee that a publisher
will not have already sent Objects after the new end Object. A publisher SHOULD
close the Session as a 'Protocol Violation' if the SUBSCRIBE_UPDATE violates

> either rule or if the subscriber specifies a Subscribe ID that does not exist

Author: ```suggestion
either rule or if the subscriber specifies a Subscribe ID that has not existed
```
